# Reddit r/college Discussions

Posted on r/college: "I'm a junior here and honestly the experience has been mixed. Great professors in my major but the administration is frustratingly slow. Course registration is a nightmare - I had to wake up at 6am on registration day to get the classes I need. Also the WiFi in the library randomly disconnects during finals week when everyone needs it most."

One student wrote: "Pros: Strong computer science program, excellent internship opportunities with major tech companies, good campus life, lots of clubs. Cons: Expensive, financial aid wasn't generous, housing is a lottery system that's unfair, some dorms are actually terrible. Worth it if you get good aid."

From a thread about studying abroad: "The study abroad office is amazing and actually helps you get scholarships for it. I spent a semester in Spain for less than staying on campus thanks to their grants. But getting permissions from my department was annoying - they wanted syllabi from every course even though I'd already been accepted to the program."

Senior reflection: "Looking back, the best part was the community I found through clubs and sports. The worst part was how expensive everything got after freshman year when you move off-campus. Pro tip: negotiate your lease or find roommates first. Also, the career services office actually helped me land my job - don't skip those appointments."

About mental health: "Counseling services have a 3-week wait time. That's unacceptable for students in crisis. They need more staff. There are off-campus therapists but they're not cheap. The peer support network helped me more than the official services honestly."

Chemistry major thread: "Organic chemistry here is brutal. Class is 300 students, exams are curved but the average is usually 40-50%. Professor doesn't care that half the class fails - it's not changing. Lab component saves your grade if you put in effort. Either get a tutor or form a study group by week 1."

On campus safety: "Campus is beautiful and feels safe during the day. At night some areas near the old science building are poorly lit. Campus security actually responds quickly when called. Parking lot assaults happened twice last year though, so be aware of your surroundings when leaving late events."

Residential life review: "Freshman dorms are small but you make lifelong friends. I roomed with my best friend from my dorm for the first two years. Junior year housing was miles better - actual privacy and good apartment-style setups. The lottery system for housing is stressful though, many seniors don't get placed and have to go off-campus."
